iu has also designated dyn this is it doubt March 1971
Despre I'll speak to you, culés, parsis, of being an asla forbid south
pre-eminent
I'm going to take the car
Two guys take a gun to my head and put me in the car.
another place there has given villa or with the gun to the head and
they took me
and the truth then what with very difficult moments troops is very difficult
I think you have a worse time with people who are outside or relatives because
they do not know in what conditions the contract is
but you there because normally although you are very bad stu you know that to the
family will not miss swimming they had the support of the entire city
therefore of all spain but I think that in general barcelona has turned
completely with my family and it's one thing that can be can not be
forget never ever in life
and 2000
after countless investigations the police marcus elliot tiber here
I wanted is third it's quiet alund alevoso barrels
when they opened the rival door has against and below the locks the gun
Awesome
picturesque of an impression a migrant by and I thought they were going to kill me to say that
at that time no
and it turns out that the police that came to release me
you know dalli
i do not know you know very well the dumb or not dazed you do not know
and then I made the trip to Barcelona because I left since it was
in zaragoza sleeping that night she tells him she does not see
that if they do not take more time they are giving
but that me and then barcelona sad night like them
after a few days of rest
barry appeared covering back to the field
Paris 20 last month on one thing
recovered the temps perdu
iquitos pinochet and upata knife camping